# C# Naming ConventionsThe following naming conventions are consistent with the Microsoft's .NET Framework and easy to read.## NamespacesUse **PascalCasing** for namespaces and try to match the name to the directory location. Always start the namespace with the project or company and then project name.```c#namespace Sabre.Domain.Sales{	}```## Classes & StructsUse **PascalCasing** for class and struct names and never use abbreviations. Acronyms are sometimes acceptable if they well defined, but most follow the pascal casing convention (e.g. HtmlDocument, CssDocument or HttpRequest etc).```c#public class HtmlDocument{	}```Be sure to use the [Ubiquitous Language](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/UbiquitousLanguage.html) when deciding on class or struct names but try to keep the names short and concise.## InterfacesThe convention for naming interfaces is the same as classes except they must be pre-pended with a capital **I**.```c#public interface IDictionary{	}```## Variables & ArgumentsUse **camelCasing** for method arguments and variable names. Avoid using abbreviations and only use acronyms where they are well defined. Make use of the Ubiquitous Language and avoid names that do not provide any context (e.g. use customerId instead of just id).Try to use names that describe the assigned type.```c#var firstName = "Code";var lastName = "Change";var isEmployed = true;var salary = 20000;var birthDate = new DateTime(1980, 02, 05);```**DO NOT** use [Hungarian notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_notation) or any other type identification in identifiers.```c#// DO NOT DO THIS!var strFirstName = "Code";var boolEmployed = true;var decSalary = 20000;```**DO NOT** use underscores in identifiers. Exception: prefix private class level variables with an underscore.```c#// Correctpublic DateTime appointmentDate;public TimeSpan timeLeft;// Avoidpublic DateTime appointment_Date;public TimeSpan time_Left;// Exceptionprivate DateTime _registrationDate;```## PropertiesUse **PascalCasing** for property names and follow the variable naming conventions thereafter.```c#public string FirstName { get; private set; }public string LastName { get; private set; }public string IsEmployed { get; private set; }public decimal Salary { get; private set; }public DateTime? BirthDate { get; private set; }```## ConstantsFollow the same naming conventions as for properties.## MethodsUse **PascalCasing** for method names and make the name descriptive as to what its purpose is. Make use of the Ubiquitous Language and give an indication of what the method will do and return.For CRUD type methods, make use of the Add, Get, Update and Remove name prefixes.```c#public void AddAddress	(		Address address	){	\\ ...}public int CalculateAge	(		DateTime birthDate	){	\\ ...}```